Prepare configuration and data for docusaurus-based blog (#1756)
FerretDB/FerretDB: website/blog/2022-06-27-developers-need-ferretdb-stackoverflow-developer-survey-2022.md

With Atlas, when you are in it, you will have to stay in it, and MongoDB is going to set the price on the privilege of storing and using your own data.
To us, this sounds scary, and we bet that if there would be an alternative offering more freedom, developers would be willing to consider it.

**So what is the solution to MongoDB's vendor lock-in?**

At FerretDB, we are working on combining the best of two worlds: the robustness and freedom of PostgreSQL, and the unmatched developer experience of MongoDB.

How we interpret the StackOverflow Developer Surveyfrom the perspective of FerretDB is that we are on the right track: we are working on a solution which is based on PostgreSQL, and we are providing an open source alternative to MongoDB.
Those service providers or companies currently running PostgreSQL will be able to cater to the needs of developers seeking for the ease of use of MongoDB

However, we are not going to stop at PostgreSQL: we are planning to support more databases, so developer experience can be standardized across many different platforms.

> Working with partners, like [Tigris Data](https://tigrisdata.io), we can even provide an alternative to MongoDB Atlas itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Working with partners, like [Tigris Data](https://www.tigrisdata.com/), we can even provide an alternative to MongoDB Atlas itself.
```

Reviewer 2: Nice catch!
